# Version 1.15.0 (2025-12-08)

## Editor

Created internal infrastructure for using AI in LA.

Find LA documentation using AI in the **Help** panel. Copy-paste results in ChatGPT etc to get accurate answer.

MCP server. Provides LA documentation for local AI tools such as Visual Studio Copilot.

Use AI to find icons by name or/and image in the **Icons** tool.

Changes in LA window:
- Panel **Cookbook** renamed to **Help**. Added full LA documentation.
- Panel **Recipe** renamed to **Read**. Displays LA documentation articles. See **Options > Other > Documentation**.
- The default location of panels **Help**, **Read** and **Tasks** now is at the right side. If want to use it, exit LA and delete `Documents\LibreAutomate\.settings\Layout.xml`.
- The **Read** panel now is always hidden at startup.
- Removed toolbar **Help**.

Changes in tools like **Find UI element**:
- They run in separate process.
- Improved UI element capturing in some apps and modes.

New code editor features:
- Menu **Edit > Assist > Insert new line before ) ] ;** (and toolbar button). Temporarily disables statement auto-completion on `Enter`.
- Continue a vertical method chain by typing `.` on the next line after the `;`.

New in menu **Edit > Find**:
- **Find next** (`F3` or click the **Find** button).
- **Find previous** (`Shift+F3` or right-click the **Find** button).
- **Next found** (`F4`). Selects next item in the **Found** panel.
- **Previous found** (`Shift+F4`).

Quickly hide toolbar buttons using the context menu (in LA window).

Several other improvements.

Fixed some bugs.

### Breaking changes

Changed namespaces in `Au.Editor` project. Edit your `editorExtension` scripts that use its internal classes (unlikely).

## Library
Updated PCRE regex library to v10.46.

New members:
- `dialog`: fluent API methods for setting dialog properties. The old functions now are hidden.
- `wpfBuilder.Add` overloads without parameter `flags`. The old overloads now are hidden. Flags replaced with: function `Child`; parameter *raw* of one `Add` overload.
- And more.

New parameters or paramater features:
- `script.end("");` ends other processes of current script.

New `dialog` features:
- Easier to add links.
- Supports icons like `"*Pack.Name color"`.

Fixed bugs:
- `script.restart` does not work.
- `JSettings` can deadlock.
- `WTaskbarButton` exception if used in multiple threads.
- Owned floating toolbars remain topmost after the owner that was topmost becomes non-topmost.

Restored the "auto-enable browser UI elements" feature that was broken in the latest Chromium version.